README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Welcome ericmcg96,

This is the Code Institute student template for deploying your third portfolio project, the Python command-line project. The last update to this file was: **August 17, 2021**

## Reminders

* Your code must be placed in the `run.py` file
* Your dependencies must be placed in the `requirements.txt` file
* Do not edit any of the other files or your code may not deploy properly

## Creating the Heroku app

When you create the app, you will need to add two buildpacks from the _Settings_ tab. The ordering is as follows:

1. `heroku/python`
2. `heroku/nodejs`

You must then create a _Config Var_ called `PORT`. Set this to `8000`

If you have credentials, such as in the Love Sandwiches project, you must create another _Config Var_ called `CREDS` and paste the JSON into the value field.

Connect your GitHub repository and deploy as normal.

## Constraints

The deployment terminal is set to 80 columns by 24 rows. That means that each line of text needs to be 80 characters or less otherwise it will be wrapped onto a second line.

-----
Happy coding!

Commit message:

Add images and README file

README.md, after:

# Battleships Game

![Gameboard](/Images/Gameboard.webp)

This game was designed for people who want to challange themselves\n
and compete against a computer in this single player Battleships game.
The objective of the game is to sink 3 of the 5 battleships that are 
on the board. The user has a maximum of 20 guesses to succeed and there 
are a total of 50 targets to choose from when the user takes their shot.

# Features
 
### The Board
- The gameboard has a total of 50 targets.
- The first target on the top left of the board represents 0.
- The last target on the bottom right represents 49.
- A hit will be marked with a 'X'.
- A miss will be marked with a 'O'.

### Game Info & feedback
- Instructions will be on top of the first printed gameboard.
- The number of used guesses will be displayed under the board.
- The number of hits will also be displayed under the board as well as the max. number of guesses.
- 'hit' will be displayed for a hit and 'miss' for a miss.
- If an already used guess is entered 'ALREADY GUESSED' will be display on top of the board.
- 'You win!' will be displayed if 3 battleships are sunk.
- 'You lose, max number of guesses used.' will be displayed if the maximum number of guesses are used.

# Testing

![PEP8-TEST](/Images/PEP8.webp)

- I can confirm that the code passes through the PEP8 linter with no issues.
